
The scope of C2 language is larger than just the code itself; it also includes the
build system. Including this allows doing many nice things easily, like LTO (link
time optimization), etc.

The C2 build system use two different configuration files: the `recipe` and the
`build file`.

### Recipe
The recipe file is written by the developers and specifies which files,
targets and external dependencies a project has. For very complex project with lots
of configuration options, this file could be auto-generated with a 'make menuconfig'
like tool. The recipe file is also used to find the top-level of a project (so it
must always be placed there). The recipe file is described
[here](../build_system/recipe_file.md).

### Build file
The build file specifies where c2c needs to look for libraries, which (cross-)compiler
the C-backend must use etc. This file is written by users or generated by a 3rd party
build system like Yocto/Buildroot etc. The build file is optional (in contrast to
the recipe that is always required). See [here](../build_system/build_file.md) for details.


### Calling directory
When building targets, `c2c` is only called __once__. This way the compiler knows the
target type and all required files. Since you might be working in some subdir of your
project, c2c will iteratively search dirs to root until *recipe.txt* is found - no
need to change dirs to run it!

So these two calls are equal if *my_project/* contains the *recipe.txt*:
```
~my_project$ c2c
~my_project/some_subdir$ c2c
```


### Output directory
Any output will be placed in the *output/* directory generated in the root directory of the project.
Inside the output directory, generated files of each target will have their own folder.
Therefore, to *make clean* just means to remove this directory.

